What is the project about😆:

The main idea of this “Health & Fitness Tracker” application is to help users adopt healthy life habits including healthy fitness routines through analyzing their daily activities and offering help and suggestions from our mentors. The domain of the “Health & Fitness Tracker" application centers on personal health and fitness, activity management, and reward points management. Aspects such as user accounts, reward systems, exercise tracking, goal setting, community features, and mentorship are all modelled by the database.

This project used web application development language (HTML, Javascript) for the front end, and PHP for the back end, Oracle for the database. When the user first enters our website, there will be a login page where the user can log in to an existing account with a username and password. If they do not have an existing account, they may sign up for a new account. After the user has logged in, it will direct to the home page of our website where you can see a list of your past activity events, activity summary, and current reward points.

Then, from the home page the user can navigate to the community page, the personal profile page, the workshop page, the activity event page, and the goal-setting and mentor suggestion page. We also have set up a mentor page whose roles are similar to an admin, and the user can log in as a mentor using a user name to create a workshop and give other user suggestions. On the community page, the user will be able to see their community information if they are already a part of some community; if not, they can create a new community or join an existing community, and they can also leave their community as a community member. On the personal profile page, the user will be able to see their information and on the workshop page, the user will be able to see a list of workshops they registered for and a list of workshops that are available for registration. In the goal setting and mentor suggestion page, the user can set goals and see suggestions from mentors. On the activity event page, the users will be able to create activity events and redeem reward points.

Tech stack:

This project used web application development language(HTML, Javascript) for the front end, and PHP for the back end, Oracle for the database.
